CRITICAL RULES — READ BEFORE TOUCHING ANY FILE:
1. Before editing any file, list every other file that imports or uses it. Check all of those files before making changes.
2. Do NOT rewrite a file from scratch. Make surgical edits only — change the minimum number of lines needed to fix the issue.
3. Do NOT remove any existing function, prop, import, or JSX element unless I have explicitly told you to remove it.
4. After every change, mentally verify: "Does this break anything that was working before?" If yes, do not proceed — find a different approach.
5. If fixing Issue X requires changing a shared component used by other pages, STOP and tell me what the impact will be before making the change. Ask for permission first.
6. Never change any CSS class, layout structure, z-index, or responsive breakpoint unless it is directly part of the fix.
7. Confirm the app builds with zero errors before finishing: pnpm --filter xmum-market run build

---

PART 1 — Fix: Description character limit mismatch between UI and Firestore rules

FILE TO EDIT: artifacts/xmum-market/firestore.rules

THE BUG:
The Firestore rule for listings creation enforces `description.size() <= 1000`, but the UI
(PostPage.tsx and EditListingPage.tsx) allows users to type up to 3,000 characters. Any post
with a description longer than 1,000 characters throws permission-denied and fails silently.

THE FIX:
In firestore.rules, find the listings `allow create` rule. Change the single line:
  && request.resource.data.description.size() <= 1000
to:
  && request.resource.data.description.size() <= 3000

That is the only change. Do not touch any other rule, any other file, or any other line.

VERIFICATION:
- The file should still pass `firebase deploy --only firestore:rules --project xmum--market`
- Search the entire file for any other occurrence of `description.size()` — if any exist, apply
  the same change. Report back how many occurrences you found.
- Do NOT run pnpm build for this part — firestore.rules is not a TypeScript file.

AFTER THE EDIT:
Tell me exactly which line number was changed and show me the before and after of that single line.
Then remind me: "Deploy this file via Firebase Console → Firestore → Rules → paste and Publish,
OR run: firebase deploy --only firestore:rules --project xmum--market"