CRITICAL RULES — READ BEFORE TOUCHING ANY FILE:

1. Before editing any file, list every other file that imports or uses it.
   Check all of those files before making changes.

2. Do NOT rewrite a file from scratch. Make surgical edits only —
   change the minimum number of lines needed to fix the issue.

3. Do NOT remove any existing function, prop, import, or JSX element
   unless I have explicitly told you to remove it.

4. After every change, mentally verify: "Does this break anything that
   was working before?" If yes, do not proceed — find a different approach.

5. If fixing Issue X requires changing a shared component used by other
   pages, STOP and tell me what the impact will be before making the change.
   Ask for permission first.

6. Never change any CSS class, layout structure, z-index, or responsive
   breakpoint unless it is directly part of the fix.

7. Confirm the app builds with zero TypeScript errors before finishing:
   - Market changes: pnpm --filter xmum-market run build

8. DATA SAFETY — MANDATORY: If this change touches any code that reads
   from Firestore and then writes, deletes, or modifies documents based
   on that data — STOP before implementing. Explicitly tell me:
     • What data operation will happen
     • On which Firestore collection
     • Under what exact condition
     • How many documents could be affected
   Wait for my confirmation before proceeding.

TASK: Replace all favicon and PWA icon assets with a new logo image
I have a new logo image file. It is a PNG with a white background that needs to be removed to make it transparent before generating all icon sizes.
The new logo file I will upload is called: Untitled_design__5_.png

STEP 1 — Install the image processing tool
Run this command to install sharp (for image processing):
npm install sharp --save-dev
inside artifacts/xmum-market/

STEP 2 — Create a script to process the image
Create a file at artifacts/xmum-market/scripts/generate-icons.mjs with the following logic:

Load Untitled_design__5_.png from the project root or a location I specify
Remove the white background — replace all pixels that are white or near-white (RGB all above 240) with transparent
From the transparent PNG, generate and save the following files into artifacts/xmum-market/public/:

Output fileSizeFormatNotesfavicon-96x96.png96×96PNGtransparent backgroundapple-touch-icon.png180×180PNGwhite background (Apple requires it)web-app-manifest-192x192.png192×192PNGtransparent backgroundweb-app-manifest-512x512.png512×512PNGtransparent backgroundfavicon.ico32×32 embeddedICOconvert from transparent PNG

Also overwrite favicon.svg with an SVG that embeds the 96×96 PNG as a base64 data URI with viewBox="0 0 96 96" and no background rect.


STEP 3 — Update manifest.json
In artifacts/xmum-market/public/manifest.json, change both icon entries from:
json"purpose": "maskable"
to:
json"purpose": "any"
Reason: the icon has a transparent background. Maskable purpose requires safe-zone padding — using "any" ensures the full icon is shown without being cropped by the OS.

STEP 4 — Run the script
node artifacts/xmum-market/scripts/generate-icons.mjs
Confirm all 6 output files were written successfully with correct file sizes (none should be 0 bytes).

STEP 5 — Verify build still passes
pnpm --filter xmum-market run build
Must complete with zero TypeScript errors.

STEP 6 — Cleanup
Delete artifacts/xmum-market/scripts/generate-icons.mjs and uninstall sharp after the icons are generated:
npm uninstall sharp
The script is a one-time generation tool and must not be committed.

Summary of files that will change:

public/favicon.ico — replaced
public/favicon-96x96.png — replaced
public/favicon.svg — replaced
public/apple-touch-icon.png — replaced (white bg for Apple)
public/web-app-manifest-192x192.png — replaced
public/web-app-manifest-512x512.png — replaced
public/manifest.json — "purpose" changed from "maskable" to "any"

Files that will NOT change:

index.html — already references the correct filenames, no edits needed
All source code files — zero changes
All other public assets (opengraph.jpg, robots.txt, sitemap.xml, xmum-market-logo.png) — untouched